THIS IS WHERE THE FINAL VERSION OF THE ARC1X SYSTEM GOES.
I am currently on my last nerve coding it all, but if you can do it for me be my guest.

I am looking for a very fast uncensored model and I have gone through a few that worked okay but trailed off and wouldn't code half the stuff I expected.
If i can managed to only go for 5 minutes a line including to update the code, maybe it will be around 80 lines (with some very big lines sometimes).
It will take 6,666.66666667 hours. Or 277.777 days to code at that rate.
(I do have a first pass of everything except the meta+template layouts)--that was done in AUTOGPT/GPTE over a year ago. I am trying to go for something better using BOLT.new and ollama but I havent found a decent model yet in the last week.
It is currently 11/17/2024 during the writing of this. I am going to leave it to AutoMacro to help me just ---do this nonstop unless It fails drastically (which it has failed sometimes)--I will get the methods right.
Maybe 200 days.

Expected Capabilities of the System Sandbox (95th Percentile Placeholder-Aquirement---acknowledge of 100th percentile but concrete rank at 95 only for safety reason)
---
Most of the Theory Of Everything 65% cleared in molecular/quantum research.
Isomer-Expression/Spinor-Expression 75
Fast Paced Quintic-Factoring (math) 80
Nueral-Scalar and Nested-Derivitive Functions (ai math) 85
Cogniscience/Automation 90
---95th percentile
Memetic Physix/Expiry Emulation (ai-projection)
--(BREAKPOINT--acknowledge but do not super-cede 95th percentile)
Ray-Quantum-Dynamics 96
(Genetic Splicing)--Generational Nuvoltion 97
Nasa-Level-Static-Interpretation 98
Universal Masque-Gateway/Net-Meshing (99)
Virtual-Browsing-Realtime 100 (Mass Byproduct)

Model Learns from itself and its own mistake and continues to build on pathfinding through mistakes/sampling
Optional --Autoload --AutoCycle --AutoSample

It supports a MAIN/SUB model and Reinfer System. It supports DUAL-USE/Function and can sample set per environment of its DIRECT/VIRTUAL loadout (It can share data and results and "datascrape/repond per its results)
It will alternate and learn from its failures by comparison of its failures using dual-models. (One in load, one in virtual-load)

10x5 (regional platform/platitude) or 10x10 doesnt really matter. 100-stack 
100B PARAMETER-MODEL
CodeName:Graze-HUlk(headless-support)
